Remove icon for external links which o-typography provides in a mixin (#636)
Financial-Times/origami: apps/website/_posts/2019-02-28-newsletter.md

  - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-header@7.8.3">o-header v7.8.3</a> addresses o-color deprecation warnings.
  - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-video@5.1.1">o-video v5.1.1</a> fixes an issue which prevented o-videos building with dart-sass, and also adds named exports in addition to the default export.
  - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-buttons@5.16.2">o-buttons v5.16.2</a> fixes a bug which prevented o-buttons building with dart-sass.

>   - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-grid@4.5.1">o-grid v4.5.1</a> enables named exports as well as the default object <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-grid/issues/177"s!

Author: ```suggestion
  - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-grid@4.5.1">o-grid v4.5.1</a> enables named exports as well as the default object <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-grid/issues/177">(see issue)</a>. Thanks Chee Rabbits!
```

  - MINOR: <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/node-health-check@1.7.0">node-health-check v1.7.0</a>, new options to check an API that requires authentication (credit to Kiya Gurmesa for this one), plus documentation improvements (nice one, James Loveridge & Charlie Briggs)

>   - MINOR: <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/polyfill-library/releases"x to support online IDEs such as <a href="https://repl.it/".com/Financial-Times/polyfill-library/releases">multiple other minor releases</a> this month have updated and added new polyfills (Jake Chamion 💪). Including, but not limited to:

Author: ```suggestion
  - MINOR: <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/polyfill-library/releases">polyfill-library v3.30.1</a> now minifies feature detection JS and a fix to support online IDEs such as <a href="https://repl.it/">repl.it</a> (credit to Kate Beard, who is currently bootcamping with Origami). Plus <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/polyfill-library/releases" class="o-typography-link--external">multiple other minor releases</a> this month have updated and added new polyfills (Jake Chamion 💪). Including, but not limited to:
```
